feat(curriculum): Add data sanitizer sweep lab (#67313)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-data-sanitizer-sweep/69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc.md

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc

> title: Data Sanitizer Sweep

Reviewer: this title needs to match the title in the `challengeOrder` array in `curriculum/structure/blocks/lab-data-sanitizer-sweep.json`

challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by stripping disallowed tokens and tracking repair statistics.

Here are some examples log entries in a log file:

```log
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",
```

For example, if the disallowed tokens are `e, o, r` and the replacement character is `#`, sanitizing the first line changes:

```log
DEBUG: Server started on port 3000 to DEBUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000

> ```

Reviewer: this is unclear, the `to` should not be in the code block, you should use inline code blocks here

````suggestion
`DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` to `DEBUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`
````

4. cleanLogs should return a customised string returning either an error message or a string containing both the total number of log string and number of sanitized log string.

# --before-each--

# --hints--

You should have a function called `sanitizeLog`.

```js
assert.isFunction(sanitizeLog)
```

You should have a function called `cleanLogs`.

```js
assert.isFunction(cleanLogs)
```

`sanitizeLog("DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should return string `DEBUG: Server st#rted on port 3000`

```js
assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog("DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",["a", "A", "c", "T"]),"DEBUG: Server st#rted on port 3000");
```

`sanitizeLog("WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%",["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should return string `W#RN: Disk us#ge #t 92%, threshold=90%`

```js
assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog("WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%",["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'W#RN: Disk us#ge #t 92%, threshold=90%');
```

`cleanLogs(logs_1,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log strings without error and return string `Total Entry: 3 Sanitized Entry Count: 3 finished sanitize logs process.`

```js

> assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_1,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 3 Sanitized Entry Count: 3 finished sanitize logs process.');

Reviewer: `ReferenceError: logs_1 is not defined` 

add `logs_1` to solution or to `before-each`

```

`cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should result in error message due to fatal character and return string `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');
```

`cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log strings without error and return string `Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
var logs_1 = [
  "INFO: Server started on port 3000",
  "DEBUG: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%"
];

var logs_2 = [
  "FATAL: System overload detected, shutting down",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",
];

var logs_3 = [
  "ERROR: Failed to connect to db, retry=3",
  "DEBUG: api_key=XYZ789 used in request",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%"

> ];

Reviewer: why are you using `var`? please don't use `var`, use modern `let` or `const`

Author: Apologies, I have corrected this, I'm not super familiar with the modern JS. I will be more vigilant on this.

Reviewer: I still see `var` here

Author: Changed

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc
title: Data Sanitizer Sweep
challengeType: 26
dashedName: data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by stripping disallowed tokens and tracking repair statistics.

Here are some examples log entries in a log file:

```html
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",
```

For example, if the disallowed tokens are `e, o, r` and the replacement character is `#`, sanitizing the first line changes:

> DEBUG: Server started on port 3000 to DEBUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000

Reviewer: this needs to be in a code block

Author: Added code block code type = log

`Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred`.

For this lab, if a log string starts with `/` then in `cleanLogs` function this string should be skipped and count as a successfully sanitized entry count. For example, if the log array have 4 logs strings in total and all strings start with `/` then this means the result will be 

`Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process`.

**The disallowed characters will be case sensitive. So for example if disallowed character is `e` then `Debug` will become `D#bug` whilst `DEBUG` will still be `DEBUG`.**

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Story:** 

1. You should accept an array of log strings.
2. You should implement `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)` that loops over characters and replaces banned patterns.
3. You should implement `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)` that uses continue to skip informational lines and break on fatal markers.
    - fatal marker is `$` for this lab.
4. You should track counts of sanitized vs untouched entries inside an accumulator object.

> 5. You should output a CLI summary showing total entries, sanitized entries, and failure reasons.

Reviewer: please expand the user stories, you can give context above the user stories, but the user stories on their own must be enough to solve the challenge

Author: User story expanded to detail implementation requirement.

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc
title: Data Sanitizer Sweep
challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by stripping disallowed tokens and tracking repair statistics.

Here are some examples log entries in a log file:

```log
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",
```

```log

> For example, if the disallowed tokens are `e, o, r` and the replacement character is `#`, sanitizing the first line changes:

Reviewer: why is this sentence in the code block?

Author: Apologies, this is fixed now

A log file can also include informational log entries. This can be indicated with certain characters or word.

Assuming any log entry that starts with `/` is considered an informational log entry then the process should be skipped this line and count as a successfully sanitized entry count. For example, if the log file has 4 log strings in total and all strings start with `/` then this means the output summary should return as below.

`Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`

**The disallowed characters will be case sensitive. So for example if disallowed character is `e` then `Debug` will become `D#bug` whilst `DEBUG` will still be `DEBUG`.**

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Story:** 

1. Create a function called `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)`
   - `entry` is a single string of characters
   - `blacklist` is an array of single letter characters and each character is case sensitive.
   - The function should take the entry log and replace any character that appear in `blacklist` with `#`
   - The function should return the actual modified entry log.

> 2. `sanitizeLog` should return a string.

Reviewer: there is duplication now between the last point of the first user story and the second user story

Author: Redundancy removed

3. Create a function called `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)`
   - `logs` is an array of strings, essentially an array of what was inputted into `sanitizeLog` function as `entry` parameter.
   - `blacklist` is the same array of single string characters from the `sanitizeLog` function.
4. `cleanLogs` should return a customised string returning either an error message or a string containing both the total number of log string and number of sanitized log string.
   - The fatal marker will be hardcoded as `$`
   - Informational indicator will be hardcoded as `/` and all logs entries that starts with this character are to be skipped.
   - If `cleanLogs` function did not encounter any fatal marker, then the funtion should return below line
      - `Total Entry: X Sanitized Entry Count: Y finished sanitize logs process.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return and sanitized entry should equal to total entry)
   - If `cleanLogs` did encounter a fatal marker, then the function should return below line and exit before finishing the entire log.
      - `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return)

>    - If `cleanLogs` did encounter `/` at the start of the log entry, then the function should continue processing the remaining log files and this line counts as a successfully process log string essentially skipping the log string.

Reviewer: this does not specify that it is expected that `cleanLogs` uses `sanitizeLogs`

Author: I have updated user story to reflect this.

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc
title: Implement Data Sanitizer Sweep Process
challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

> In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by stripping blacklisted characters and tracking repair statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by replacing blacklisted characters with `#` and tracking how many entries were processed.
```

Here is an example of an array of log entries:

```log
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
[
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth"
]
```
````

For example, if blacklisted characters are `[e, o, r]` and the replacement character is `#`, sanitizing the first line changes:

`DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` to `DEBUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`

> Encountering a fatal marker should stop the sanitizing process immediately. Looking at the example log entries using `$` as the fatal marker. Please see second-to-last log entry in the example log entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encountering a fatal marker should stop the sanitizing process immediately. In the example log entries, `$` is the fatal marker; see the second-to-last entry.
```

If the process fails, then the output summary should return a reason as below:

`Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`

An array of log entries can also include informational entries. This is indicated by a specific leading character.

Assuming any log entry that starts with `/` is considered an informational log entry then this entry should be skipped and count as a successfully sanitized entry. For example, if there are 4 log entries in total and each entry starts with `/` then the output summary should return as follows.

`Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`

**The blacklisted characters will be case sensitive. For example if blacklisted character is `e` then `Debug` will become `D#bug` whilst `DEBUG` will still be `DEBUG`.**

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

> **User Story:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User Stories:**
```

1. Create a function called `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)`
   - `entry` is a single string of characters
   - `blacklist` is an array of single letter characters and each character is case sensitive.
   - The function should take the entry log and replace any character that appears in `blacklist` with `#`
2. `sanitizeLog` should return the actual modified log entry.
3. Create a function called `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)`
   - `logs` is an array of strings, essentially an array of what was input into the `sanitizeLog` function as `entry` parameter.
   - `blacklist` is the same array of single-letter, case-sensitive characters used in `sanitizeLog`.
   - `cleanLogs` should iteratively call the `sanitizeLog` function as part of the solution.
4. `cleanLogs` should iteratively call `sanitizeLog` function to process an array of log entries.

>    - The function should return a customised string containing either an error message or a string with the total number of log entries and the number of sanitized log entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The function should return a customized string containing either an error message or a string with the total number of log entries and the number of sanitized log entries.
```

```

`cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should result in error message due to fatal character and return string `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');
```

`cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log entries without error and return string `Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
let logs_1 = [
  "INFO: Server started on port 3000",
  "DEBUG: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%"
];

let logs_2 = [
  "FATAL: System overload detected, shutting down",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth",
];

let logs_3 = [
  "ERROR: Failed to connect to db, retry=3",
  "DEBUG: api_key=XYZ789 used in request",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%"

> ];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

# --solutions--

```js
function sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist) {
  var sanitizedEntry = [];

  for (let i = 0; i < entry.length; i++) {
    if (blacklist.includes(entry[i])) {
      sanitizedEntry.push("#");
    } else {
      sanitizedEntry.push(entry[i]);
    }
  }

  return sanitizedEntry.join("");
};

function cleanLogs(logs, blacklist) {
  let accumulator = 0;
  let fatalError = "$";
  let informationalIndicator = "/";

  let sanitizedLogs = [];

  for (let i = 0; i < logs.length; i++) {
    if (logs[i].includes(fatalError)) {
      return("Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.");

>     } else if (logs[i].includes(informationalIndicator)) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    } else if (logs[i].startsWith(informationalIndicator)) {
```

   - blacklist is an array of single letter characters and each character is case sensitive.
2. sanitizeLog should return a string.
3. Create a function called `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)`
   - logs is an array of strings, essentially an array of what was inputted into `sanitizeLog` function as `entry` parameter.
   - blacklist is the same array of single string characters from the `sanitizeLog` function.
4. `cleanLogs` should return a customised string returning either an error message or a string containing both the total number of log string and number of sanitized log string.
   - If `cleanLogs` function did not encounter any fatal markers, then the funtion should return below line
      - `Total Entry: X Sanitized Entry Count: Y finished sanitize logs process.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return)
   - If `cleanLogs` did encounter a fatal marker, then the function should return below line
      - `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return)

**Additional Notes for the Lab Specifically**

- The fatal marker will be hardcoded as `$`
- All logs lines to be skipped will start with `/`

> - Replace character to be used to replace disallowed character will be `#` for this lab.

Reviewer: why is this a separate checklist? please incorporate in the user stories

Author: Change moved to user story as new points. Thanks!

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc
title: Implement Data Sanitizer Sweep Process
challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by replacing blacklisted characters with `#` and tracking how many entries were processed.

Here is an example of an array of log entries:

```js
[
  "DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",
  "INFO: user=admin token=abc123 connected",
  "WARN: High memory usage detected at 87%",
  "/INFO: Cache cleared successfully",
  "DEBUG: token=def456$ refreshed for session",
  "ERROR: Null pointer exception in module auth"
]
```

For example, if blacklisted characters are `[e, o, r]` and the replacement character is `#`, sanitizing the first line changes:

`DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` to `DEBUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`

> Encountering a fatal marker should stop the sanitizing process immediately. In the example log entries, `$` is the fatal marker; see the second-to-last entry.

Reviewer 2: This is not true since the solution checks only if the fatal marker is at the beginning of the string and it does that within `cleanLogs`. The `sanitizeLog` function does not care at all about fatal markers and this causes confusion.

Author: This fatal marker check at beginning is a typo mistake I made. Previously it checked for fatal character everywhere using ```includes```.

I have reverted this back

If the process fails, then the output summary should return a reason as below:

`Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`

An array of log entries can also include informational entries. This is indicated by a specific leading character.

Assuming any log entry that starts with `/` is considered an informational log entry then this entry should be skipped and count as a successfully sanitized entry. For example, if there are 4 log entries in total and each entry starts with `/` then the output summary should return as follows.

`Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`

> **The blacklisted characters will be case sensitive. For example if blacklisted character is `e` then `Debug` will become `D#bug` whilst `DEBUG` will still be `DEBUG`.**

Reviewer 2: The whole description should be something like this:
> In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by replacing blacklisted characters and tracking how many entries were processed.

All the rest of details should belogn to the user stories.

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

1. Create a function called `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)`
   - `entry` is a single string of characters
   - `blacklist` is an array of single letter characters and each character is case sensitive.

>    - The function should take the entry log and replace any character that appears in `blacklist` with `#`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You should create a function called `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)`, where `entry` is a string representing the entry log, and `blacklist` is an array of single character strings, each representing a disallowed character.
1. `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)` should return a string obtained by replacing any character of `entry` that appears in `blacklist` with `#`. The replacement should be case sensitive and the function should not directly modify `entry`.
```

   - `blacklist` is the same array of single-letter, case-sensitive characters used in `sanitizeLog`.
   - `cleanLogs` should iteratively call the `sanitizeLog` function as part of the solution.
4. `cleanLogs` should iteratively call `sanitizeLog` function to process an array of log entries.
   - The function should return a customized string containing either an error message or a string with the total number of log entries and the number of sanitized log entries.
   - The fatal marker will be hardcoded as `$`
   - Informational indicator will be hardcoded as `/`.
      - All log entries that start with this character are to be skipped.
   - If `cleanLogs` does not encounter any fatal marker, then the function should return the below line. A full stop is required as part of the return, and the sanitized entry count should equal the total entry count.
      - `Total Entry: X Sanitized Entry Count: Y finished sanitize logs process.`
   - If `cleanLogs` encounters a fatal marker, then the function should return the line below and exit before finishing the entire log. A full stop is required as part of the return.
      - `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`

> 5. If `cleanLogs` encounters `/` at the start of the log entry, then the function should continue processing the remaining log entries, and this entry counts as a successfully processed log entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You should create a function called `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)`, where `logs` is an array of strings, each representing a log entry before sanitation, and `blacklist` is the same array of disallowed characters used in `sanitizeLog`.
1. `cleanLogs` should iteratively call the `sanitizeLog` function to process the given array of log entries.
1. The function should return a string containing either an error message or the total number of log entries and the number of sanitized log entries.
1. When a log entry from the `logs` array contains the fatal marker `$`, `cleanLogs` should return `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`
1. When a log entry from the `logs` array starts with the `/` character, that entry should be considered an informational entry, and therefore skipped and counted as successfully sanitized.
1. If `cleanLogs` does not encounter any fatal marker, then the function should return `Total Entry: X Sanitized Entry Count: Y finished sanitize logs process.`, where `X` and `Y` should be replaced by the total entry count and sanitized entry count, respectively.
```

---
id: 69eefea5a952ae85871df0dc
title: Implement Data Sanitizer Sweep Process
challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by replacing blacklisted characters with `#` and tracking how many entries were processed. 

> If blacklisted characters are `[e, E, o, r]` then `DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` becomes `D#BUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`. Blacklisted characters are case sensitive - for example if `e` is blacklisted, `Debug` becomes `D#bug`, but `DEBUG` is unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If blacklisted characters are `["e", "E", "o", "r"]`, then `DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` becomes `D#BUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`. Blacklisted characters are case sensitive. For example, if `e` is blacklisted, `Debug` becomes `D#bug`, but `DEBUG` is unaffected.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');

// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let test4logs = [
  "BEGIN: Start secret test",
  "LOG: Logging first entry",
  "LOG: Completed first entry test",
  "TRY: Add a secret fatal character",
  "TEST: Adding fatal $"
];

let test4Blacklist = ["e","o"];

assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(test4logs,test4Blacklist),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');
```

`cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log entries without error and return string `Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.');

// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let test5logs = [
  "ERROR: Error ch$aracter",
  "LOG: Fatal character found"
];

let test5Blacklist = ["a","F","f","j"];

assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(test5logs,test5Blacklist),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');

> ```

Reviewer: If you want to guard against hardcoding you use something like this, do not hide tests inside hints that would fail without clear reason.

````suggestion
`cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log entries without error and return string `Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_3,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.');
```

The function should not hardcode solutions.

```js
// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let test5logs = [
  "ERROR: Error ch$aracter",
  "LOG: Fatal character found"
];

let test5Blacklist = ["a","F","f","j"];

assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(test5logs,test5Blacklist),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');
```
````

challengeType: 26
dashedName: lab-data-sanitizer-sweep
---

# --description--

In this lab, you will clean semi-structured log files by replacing blacklisted characters with `#` and tracking how many entries were processed. 

If blacklisted characters are `[e, E, o, r]` then `DEBUG: Server started on port 3000` becomes `D#BUG: S##v## sta#t#d #n p##t 3000`. Blacklisted characters are case sensitive - for example if `e` is blacklisted, `Debug` becomes `D#bug`, but `DEBUG` is unaffected.

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

1. You should create a function called `sanitizeLog(entry, blacklist)`, where `entry` is a string representing the entry log, and `blacklist` is an array of single-character strings, each representing a disallowed character.
1. The function should return a modified `entry` string with each blacklisted character replaced with `#`.
1. You should create a function called `cleanLogs(logs, blacklist)`, where `logs` is an array of strings, each representing a log entry before data sanitization, and `blacklist` is the same array of disallowed characters used in `sanitizeLog`.

> 1. `cleanLogs` should iteratively call the `sanitizeLog` function to process the given array of log entries.

Reviewer: this does not seem tested

```js
assert.isFunction(cleanLogs)
```

`sanitizeLog("DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",["a", "S", "r", "t"])` should return string `DEBUG: #e#ve# s####ed on po## 3000`

```js
assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog("DEBUG: Server started on port 3000",["a", "S", "r", "t"]),"DEBUG: #e#ve# s####ed on po## 3000");

// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let hardCodeTestCase = "DEBUG: Running new Script to confirm result";
let newBlackList = ["R","c","e","n"];

assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog(hardCodeTestCase,newBlackList),"DEBUG: #u##i#g ##w S#ript to #o#firm r#sult");
```

`sanitizeLog("WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%",["a", "A", "d", "e"])` should return string `W#RN: Disk us#g# #t 92%, thr#shol#=90%`

```js
assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog("WARN: Disk usage at 92%, threshold=90%",["a", "A", "d", "e"]),'W#RN: Disk us#g# #t 92%, thr#shol#=90%');

// Extra test to guard against hardcode to check that this string is not sanitized.
let hardCodeTestCaseNoSanitize = "TESTING: No Blacklisted Characters";
let newBlackListNoSanitize = ["A","b","z","Y"];

assert.strictEqual(sanitizeLog(hardCodeTestCaseNoSanitize,newBlackListNoSanitize),"TESTING: No Blacklisted Characters");
```

> `cleanLogs(logs_1,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log entries without error and return string `Total Entry: 3 Sanitized Entry Count: 3 finished sanitize logs process.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cleanLogs(logs_1, ["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should process all log entries without error and return string `Total Entry: 3 Sanitized Entry Count: 3 finished sanitize logs process.`
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_1,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Total Entry: 3 Sanitized Entry Count: 3 finished sanitize logs process.');

// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let test3logs = [
  "BEGIN: Running Test cases",
  "TEST: Doing first test case",
  "TEST: Doing second test case",
  "STOP: Completed all test cases"
];

let test3Blacklist = ["s","u","a","s"];

assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(test3logs,test3Blacklist),'Total Entry: 4 Sanitized Entry Count: 4 finished sanitize logs process.');
```

> `cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should result in error message due to fatal character and return string `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cleanLogs(logs_2, ["a", "A", "c", "T"])` should result in error message due to fatal character and return string `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.`.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(logs_2,["a", "A", "c", "T"]),'Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.');

// Extra test to guard against hardcode
let test4logs = [
  "/INFO: Info Log1",
  "/INFO: Info Log2",
  "/INFO: Info Log3",
  "/INFO: Info Log4",
  "/INFO: Info Log5",
  "/INFO: Info Log6"
];

let test4Blacklist = ["I","o"];

> assert.strictEqual(cleanLogs(test4logs,test4Blacklist),'Total Entry: 6 Sanitized Entry Count: 6 finished sanitize logs process.');

Reviewer: this does not seem related to the hint, maybe add a separate test for this

      - `Total Entry: X Sanitized Entry Count: Y finished sanitize logs process.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return)
   - If `cleanLogs` did encounter a fatal marker, then the function should return below line
      - `Sanitizing stopped Failure Reason: Fatal character occurred.` (Full stop is needed as part of the return)

> 5. The fatal marker will be hardcoded as `$`

Reviewer: `cleanLogs` user story talks about fatal markers, this should go there

Author: User story revised moved line into cleanLog section

> 6. All logs lines to be skipped will start with `/`

Reviewer: nowhere in the user stories there is written about skipping log lines

Author: User story updated with skipping line added as final point.

> 7. Replace character to be used to replace disallowed character will be `#` for this lab.

Reviewer: nowhere in the user stories there is written something about replacing characters

Author: User story updated with requirement to replacing characters.
